Assignment Question :

  Assignment 5:- 21/3

                - Create your own landing page. 

- A landing page is the first page of your website. It can be of anything, it can be for a business promoting some product or even your own portfolio. 

. The only thing that differentiates is the choice of Color + Typography + illustration/Image used. 

- Go creative, the more good looking page you make, the more points you get.


 Assignment 6:-   22/3

..............................



  Assignment -7
[3/23, 10:14 PM]
    

Task1 : Create a web page to download videos 

Task 2: Create a form having following functionalities: - 
Email and password required and password must be 8 characters long 
- Create a checkbox for selecting the options having first option checked by default -
 Use CSS
 - Name
 - Phone number (put a check if user entered the right phone number)

Edited




March :
    Week 5 :
          Assignment 9
         Assignment 10
         Assignment 11
         Assignment 12



April :

     Week 1 :
         Assignment 13
1. Write a program to check whether the number is greater than 10 or not.

 2. Write a program to have 3 variables (all three are number) and output the highest/greatest/maximum of all three.


Assignment 14:
             1. Take 3 inputs (number ) from the user and show minimum of the three. 

2. Check whether the given character is a vowel or not. (Also check for capital characters). 

3. Write a program to print all even numbers less than or equal to n (n is an input which we take using prompt). 

4. Write a program to take an input from the user (number) and check whether it is a prime number or not.

assigment 15 -
 


const names = ['virat', 'ronaldo', 'messi', 'dhoni', 'rohit']
 
make HTML elements from this list of users and display on screen using javascript,
each element should have a different class added to it
each class will have different background colour


assignment 16 for today:
 
add an image to HTML file using javascript and add event listeners to it such that when you move your mouse over that image
 the width and height of that should increase and when you move your mouse out of the image it should go back to original size






